
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.,
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.,
Why didn’t the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.,
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!,
Chances are if you' ve seen one shopping center, you've seen a mall.,
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.,
How come the stadium got hot after the game? Because all of the fans left.,
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights. ,
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.,
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.,
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.,
What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee.,
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.,
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.,
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.,
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song?  I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...,
My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.,
To be Frank, I'd have to change my name.,
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.,
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.,
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing \"I'm A Believer\"... Then I saw her face.,
What do you call two barracuda fish?  A Pairacuda!,
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.,
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.,
Did you know that protons have mass? I didn't even know they were catholic.,
Dad I’m hungry’ … ‘Hi hungry I’m dad,
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday.  I wasn't putting in enough shifts.,
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.,
Wife: Honey I’m pregnant. Me: Well…. what do we do now? Wife: Well, I guess we should go to a baby doctor. Me: Hm.. I think I’d be a lot more comfortable going to an adult doctor.,
Why was Pavlov's beard so soft?  Because he conditioned it.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty,
Why did the kid throw the clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly!,
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.,
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!,
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.,
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? \"Don't look I'm changing!\",
Why did the man run around his bed? Because he was trying to catch up on his sleep!,
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!,
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward.  That’s just how I roll.,
Conjunctivitis.com – now that’s a site for sore eyes.,
How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian,
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.,
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin',
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.,
What is the difference between ignorance and apathy? I don't know and I don't care.,
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...,
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.,
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.,
What do you get hanging from Apple trees? Sore arms.,
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.,
I got a reversible jacket for Christmas, I can't wait to see how it turns out.,
What did Romans use to cut pizza before the rolling cutter was invented? Lil Caesars,
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap..,
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.,
Why are oranges the smartest fruit? Because they are made to concentrate. ,
What did the beaver say to the tree? It's been nice gnawing you.,
How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.,
What did the late tomato say to the early tomato? I’ll ketch up,
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.,
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.,
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.,
Why did Mozart kill all his chickens?\r\nBecause when he asked them who the best composer was, they'd all say \"Bach bach bach!\"\r\n,
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!,
How do you find Will Smith in the snow?  Look for fresh prints.,
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.,
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.,
If at first you don't succeed, sky diving is not for you!,
What kind of music do mummy's like? Rap,
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter?\r\nAn irrelephant.\r\n,
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.,
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.,
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?,
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!,
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.,
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.,
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.,
Why are mummys scared of vacation? They're afraid to unwind.,
Whiteboards ... are remarkable.,
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.,
What’s Forest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1,
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree!,
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, ‘No, just leave it in the carton!’,
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.,
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!,
Me: If humans lose the ability to hear high frequency volumes as they get older, can my 4 week old son hear a dog whistle? Doctor: No, humans can never hear that high of a frequency no matter what age they are. Me: Trick question... dogs can't whistle.,
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.,
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!,
What was the pumpkin’s favorite sport? Squash.,
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
What do you call corn that joins the army? Kernel.,
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.,
‘Put the cat out’ … ‘I didn’t realize it was on fire,
Is there a hole in your shoe? No… Then how’d you get your foot in it?,
Every night at 11:11, I make a wish that someone will come fix my broken clock.,
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, “man, it’s really hot in here”. The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, “WHOA, a talking muffin!”,
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish? You can tune a guitar but you can't \"tuna\" fish!,
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”,
Why don't sharks eat clowns?  Because they taste funny.,
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.,
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.,
What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement.,
They tried to make a diamond shaped like a duck. It quacked under the pressure.,
Where’s the bin? Dad: I haven’t been anywhere!,
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.,
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.\r\n,
What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?,
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.,
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.,
A magician was driving down the street and then he turned into a driveway.,
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.,
If you walk into a forest and cut down a tree, but the tree doesn't understand why you cut it down, do you think it's stumped?,
Where do bees go to the bathroom?  The BP station.,
What is the best way to carve?\r\nWhittle by whittle.,
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal.,
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.,
Why do bananas have to put on sunscreen before they go to the beach? Because they might peel!,
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.,
I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.,
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
